[theme music]
[music continues]
[instrumental music]
♪ We aim to please ♪
♪ It's our business
to be at your service ♪
♪ We aim to please ♪
♪ Strawberry pineapple pie ♪
♪ You don't have
to go on a diet ♪
♪ We always make sure
that you're fed ♪
♪ Our hamburger
steaks are a riot ♪
♪ You'd better try
liver instead ♪
♪ 'Cause we aim to please ♪
♪ It's our business
to be at your service ♪
♪ We aim to please ♪
♪ Onions are beautiful please ♪
[instrumental music]
Popeye, I don't like this spot.
I think that would
be a better location.
trrr
Okay, sweet-p.
Oh, ain't it grand, Popeye?
[music continues]
Watch me obtain a hamburger
without the necessary fee.
- Oh, a customer.
- New deal, new deal.
[music continues]
I'd gladly pay you Tuesday
for a hamburger today.
trrr
[music continues]
Don't forget, Tuesday.
Okay, now watch me.
Wait till I show him, yeah.
tap tap tap
Service.
bang bang bang
- Service.
- What'll ya have?
I'd like
my table cloth clean.
- Ah, take that.
- Oh, I see.
swish
thud thud thud
This service is perfect.
[instrumental music]
I'll start with
a half dozen sandwiches.
One half dozen sandwich.
[instrumental music]
[music continues]
swoosh swoosh swoosh
- Ha ha. Oh, my.
- Here you go, sir.
[music continues]
[gulping]
[crunching]
You're a magician, eh?
Watch this one.
Nothing here, nothing here.
There you are.
That's a good trick.
60 cents, please.
swoosh
tap
Oh.
Why, I'll..
There you are.
Nothing there, nothing there.
Okey-poksey-poo!
Hold your head still.
thud
There you are, sir.
Peek-a-boo, peek-a-boo.
- Ah!
- Ha ha ha.
Now hold it.
thud
tap tap tap
How do you like that?
tap
thud thud
- I'll fix you for that.
- Why, I'll..
ting ting
ting
[clamoring]
[clamoring continues]
ding
Well, I'll fix you this time.
Take that!
thud
Oh, Popeye, here's spinach.
[theme music]
[intense music]
♪ We aim to please.. ♪
thud
boom
♪ ...We aim to please.. ♪
thud
aw aw aw
♪ 'Cause we aim to please ♪
toot toot